1. How does a system call execute? Explain the steps in detail from making the call in the
userspace process to returning from the call with a result.
i. User-space processes initiate systemcall requests such as read().
ii. User app interrupted, switching from user mode to kernel mode, for example by int 0x80.
iii. Executing kernel code based on the system call, for example, reads specific amount of bytes from file system and store.
     into user space buffer.
iv. Prepare return values (restore user space states like registers)
v. Switching context to user space.
vi. User-space processes resume.

2. Define re-entrancy and thread-safety
Re-entrancy refers to the ability that a function or subroutine can be interrupted during execution and resumed safely (re-enter) before finishing.
And thread-safety refers to the property that a function of a block of code can be accessed concurrently by multiple threads and is logically correct.

3. What does it mean for a kernel to be preemptive? Is the Linux kernel you are hacking on
preemptive?
It means a kernel allows other tasks, for example higher priority ones can interrupt current task during execution or vice versa.
Yes (maybe, tbd)

4. When does access to data structures in userspace need to be synchronized?
When multiple threads or processes are concurrently accessing and potentially modify the same data.

5. What synchronization mechanism can be used to access shared kernel data structures safely
on both single- and multi-processor platforms?
Spinlocks, mutexes, read-write locks, etc.

6. What is the container of macro used for in the kernel code? In rough terms, how is it
implemented?
It casts a member of a structure out to the containing structure.
For example, this is useful in the open() function when we need the scull_dev structure, but we have the inode, 
which has cdev in its i_cdev field. Knowing that scull_dev contains cdev, we can use container_of to get the scull_dev structure.
In other words, it is used to get the parent structure from a member of the structure.
The function definition is `container_of(pointer, container_type, container_field);`
And an example usage from scull is `dev = container_of(inode->i_cdev, struct scull_dev, cdev);`
